WELCOME AND ENJOY THE FOOD
Take that!
Are you okay?
I won't hurt you.
Can I take a look at your wound?
Let me take you to the hospital.
Shush.
I won't take you to the hospital.
Calm down.
I can't help you if you don't want me to.
Your wound looks serious.
It needs to be treated right away.
I'm going to get some rest now.
You can come in if you want to.
You can sleep here tonight.
Relax.
I'm just boiling some water. Relax.
To take care of your wound.
Come here.
Let me help you treat that wound.
The eggs you’re holding
belong to their mother.
They must be searching for them now.
Give them to me.
I will help you return them.
You can treat your wound yourself.
I'm going to take a bath.
Stand up.
Slowly.
Get some rest.
My name's Bayu.
I'm Hujan.
Hujan!
Hujan, what are you doing here?
-Hujan!
-Let go of me!
Hujan, what happened?
Let go of me!
This one.
And this one.
This one too.
Here.
See all these drawings?
All of them are your face.
How could I have drawn you
when I hadn't even met you?
Take a look at all of these women.
I don't know them.
I kept drawing their faces over and over,
until one day…
A few days ago, I started drawing you.
I know it's hard for you
to believe it, Hujan.
But trust me.
I just don’t want bad things
to happen to you.
I want to know
whatever you’re going through.
Maybe we can end it together.
Maybe that's why we met.
When you're ready…
I want you to tell me…
everything that has happened to you.
I won't hurt you, Hujan.
Please get some rest now.
I'm coming with you.
Yeah!
WE SELL ICE
Bayu!
Every drawing has changed.
We knew that already.
Hujan.
I promise you, you will be okay.
Let's just go home.
FORTUNE TELLER
It's done.
You won’t be bothered
by your ex-husband anymore.
Thank you…
I will be going now.
Thank you.
FORTUNE TELLER
How are you, Awan?
Here, I brought food.
Can you grab my clothes for me?
I bought new clothes for you.
Thank you.
Let's eat.
-Bayu, I…
-I understand.
When you're ready to talk,
I will hear everything you have to say.
But you don't have to do it now.
I saw my friend earlier.
Whenever you are ready,
we will go and meet her.
Now, let's eat, okay?
Thank you.
Bayu.
Get some sleep.
Where are we?
This is my dream.
Hey, Hujan. Hujan.
Are you okay?
We will go to my friend's place now.
Can I see your hand?
Come on.
Hey!
Her guilt is too strong.
She's being haunted, just like you.
Awan, how could I not feel guilty?
We have agreed that we were not ready.
But that's not the only way.
Who’s haunting me?
You were sleeping.
Hujan.
So…
we want to tell you something.
A few years ago,
Awan and I…
What happened?
We were in a relationship.
I got pregnant with our baby.
We were not ready to have a child.
It's also impossible to go to the doctor
and ask for an abortion.
Without him knowing,
I summoned Hitam using an ancient spell.
Hitam gently stroked my stomach.
Just as I saw in your past.
But I’m too weak to seal her again.
We've been trying to catch her, Hujan,
but we never succeeded.
Now, Hitam is out there,
looking for other babies
from mothers who are uncertain
and reject their own children.
Hujan.
We believe that your dream
is the entrance to that realm.
We can go together, Hujan.
And get back at Hitam
for what she did to your child.
For what she did to my child, Hujan.
So…
So, I can still find my child?
When I entered Hujan's dream,
I saw a painting of Hitam in that house.
We can make her pay for what she did
if you are willing to do it.
Hujan.
Calm down, Hujan.
How can we kill her?
But…
that's the only way we can kill her.
I will come with you, Hujan.
You don't have to do this.
You can still have another baby.
A baby whose father you know.
When I was kidnapped and raped…
it felt like my life was falling apart.
I was weak
and vulnerable.
All I wanted at that moment
was to drop dead.
But then I noticed…
something different
in my body.
A new life is growing inside me.
Then I realized
that the baby inside me was so…
so much weaker and far more vulnerable.
All of a sudden,
they threw me into the forest.
In the darkness, I found myself thinking.
If only…
If I hadn’t been kidnapped,
if I hadn’t been raped…
the baby I was carrying would never exist.
And then, Hitam came
and took my baby away.
I will kill Hitam…
and take my baby back.
I'm ready.
Go to sleep.
Go. I will look after you from here.
Hujan.
This is your dream.
You are the one in charge, not Hitam.
This is my dream.
Bayu!
Hujan…
Fight it, Hujan! Fight it!
Hujan.
Hujan…
You want to kill Hitam?
Do you want to kill Hitam?
If you want to kill Hitam…
we need a body
to be able to take her to our realm.
Only you can carry her in your body.
Only you, Hujan.
Only you.
Not me.
Because of your dream…
Because of your strong desire to kill her…
For the safety of the other babies…
Please forgive us.
Subtitle translation by: Diajeng Tyagita A